there are many ways to clean your makeup
brushes this is how I clean mine so
first off I always wear latex gloves on
my left hand because if I don't my hands
will be really wrinkly by the time I'm
done washing my brushes and I'm going to
use a baby shampoo and I have a no-name
shampoo bless you and I'm just gonna
pour some right in the bowl now I'm
going to add some lukewarm water to the
soap and I'm going to create a soapy
solution just like how I would if I was
to have a bubble bath now I'm going to
grab my makeup fresh and I'm going to
saturate it into the bubble bath
solution and I'm going to rinse it back
and forth on my hands to get rid of all
the powder and all the gunk now I'm
going to turn on my tap and keep it at
lukewarm and I'm going to rinse my brush
until the water runs clear you want to
make sure not to get the water all over
your brush especially not on the Farrow
which is the area that connects the
bristles to the handle because if you do
the glue can come loose and your brush
can fall apart so I'm squeezing the
excess water off and I'm just patting my
brush onto a clean dry towel and I'm
also gonna just press it and now it
should look like this I'm just gonna
leave it on a bed of towels and leave it
to dry and I'm going to continue with
the same process with my kabuki I do the
same thing just clean it rinse it and
with a kabuki there's a lot of bristles
so you have to take your time with this
one
and when your water becomes really dirty
and gunky just pour it out and start a
new batch I had to do this at least
three times to wash all my brushes do
you don't want to continue to wash your
brushes in the dirty water because that
will just make your brushes more dirty
so change it when you have to when I'm
done washing my brushes I place it on a
tray and I line it with towels the towel
will actually absorb the moisture from
the brushes and allow for a quicker
drying but I'm not done yet what I'm
gonna do next is I'm gonna grab a larger
towel and I'm going to roll it like a
roll then I'm going to place it
underneath the other towel and what this
is gonna do is it's gonna elevate the
brushes and now the brushes are drying
at a slope so this way all the water
will dream downwards and it won't get
stuck in the faroe
so I'm just repositioning my brushes
make sure all of them are at a slope and
just leave it like this and allow it to
dry for one whole day that's why you
should always have spare brushes with
you because if you don't then you're
gonna have no brushes to use for one day
you have to use your hands or q-tips one
thing you don't want to do is blow dry
your brushes because what that can do is
it can make the hairs on your brush
display and also it can melt the glue
that attaches your bristles another
thing you don't want to do is dry your
brushes upright like this because what's
gonna happen is the water is going to
drain down into the ferrule and that's
gonna ruin your brushes so always dry it
facing downwards I hope you guys found
this video useful and I will talk to you
guys soon bye
[Music]